Because of me
If I had known that Mr. Lu and my wife were childhood sweethearts
Because I have Miss Tang's psychiatric report
36 experts from Jingzhou endorsed it
Prove that Miss Tang is in perfect health
Even this is coming for me
Friend, since you are healthy
Then how could you hit me?
You want to be on top
You want to take power
How can you kill me?
Aren't we the best sisters?
What do you think when you do this?
Yeah, that's crazy.
Why do you want me to apologize to you?
Yaoyao, I have always regarded you as my best sister
Tolerate you everywhere
But I'm the Tang family leader at least
You do this even if I can bear it
I'm sure you're sensible and won't bear it, right?
Never give up
Yeah, we have a theory.
It smells so good, I see how you place an order.
How about kneeling?
This is what you said.
It's a deal.
Ah!
Decoction, how dare you
I just dare
crazy
Everything about the old man is ours
Ah, how could this be?
It's not really a rumor.
It's all lies
You think I'm going to play the uncertain chapter
Song Yuchuan deceived the board of directors
Lying about my best friend
What traffic actor
What's in charge?
Bah, a pair of dogs, men and women, Chen Zhu
Sign it, Song Yuchuan is not fierce